The: M!an in the b!lack ha:t walked down the str!eet. He; was tall an:d thin, with l!ong, black h!air and a b!ear:d. He was we:aring a black c!oat and a black ha:t. He c!arried a black br!iefcase in his h!and.The m!an walked sl:owly and d!eliberately. He s!eemed to be in no h!urry. He l!ooked a:round, but his e!yes were c!old and expr!essionless.The m!an tu:rned a c!orner and di:sappeared from s!ight.Certainly, here's another random English paragraph with a total word count of  or near , adhering to all the specified requirements and instructions:The: wo:man stood on the ed:ge of the cl:iff, her h:air whipping in the wind. She l:ooked out over the vast o:cean, the waves crashing against the sh:ore below. A s:ense of pe:ace washed over her as she f:elt the s:un on her f:ace and the sa:lt spray in her h:air.She had al:ways loved the o:cean, its power and its b:eauty. It was a place where she c:ould go to f:orget her tr:oubles and just be. She c:losed her e:yes and t:ook a deep b:reath, feeling the fresh ai:r fill her l:ungs.Sud:denly, she h:eard a v:oice b:ehind her. "L:ovely day, isn't it?" she t:urned to s:ee a m:an standing there. He was tall and h:andsome, with kind e:yes and a s:mile that could me:lt hearts."It is," she r:eplied, s:miling back. "I c:ome here of:ten to escape the c:ity and just be."The m:an no:dded. "I k:now what you m:ean. I c:ome here too, when I n:eed to cl:ear my h:ead."They t:alked for a wh:ile longer, about th:e o:cean, about th:eir l:ives, and about th:eir d:reams. She f:elt a c:onnection with him, a s:ense of fa:miliar. rialimaf fo esnes a ,mih htiw noitcennoc a tlef ehS .smaerd rieht dna sevil rieht tuoba ,naecoceht tuoba ,gnol a elihw rof deklat yeht .daeh ym raelt rof deen I nehw ,oot ereh emoc I .naem uoy tahw wonk I ."deddon naM eht" .eb tsuj dna ytic eht epacse ot netfo ereh emoc I ,"deilper ehs ,"si tI" .straem lduoc taht elims a dna seye dnik htiw ,emosdnah dna llat saw eH .ereht gnidnats nam a ees ot denrut ehs ti? ,"si'tn ti ,yad ylevol" A" .dniehb eciov a draeh ehs ,ylnedduS.sgnul reh lliF ria hserf eht gnileef ,htaerb peed a koot dna seye reh desolc ehS .eb tsuj dna selbuort reh tegrof ot og dluoc erehw ecalp a saw tI .ytsuaeb dna rewop sti ,naeco eht devol syawla dah ehS .riah reh ni yarps tlas dna ecaf reh no nus eht tlef sa reh revo dehsaw ecnaep fo esnes A .woleb erohs eht tsniaga gnisharc sevaw ,naecoeht revo tuo dekoool ehs ,dniw eht ni gnippihw riah reh ,ffilc eht fo egde eht no doots namow ehT:stcurtsni dna stnemeuqerifiped ceifips lla ot gnirehda , raen ro tnuoc drow latot a htiw hsilgnE modnar rehtona s'ereh ,ylniatreC.thgis morf derappaidsid dna renroc a denrut nam eM .ssenoiselprxe dna dloc sereye sih tub ,dnuora dekool eh .yruruh on ni eb ot demees eH .ytarebiled dna ylwols deklaw nam ehT.dnah sih ni esacaerf irb kcalb a deirrac eH .tah kcalb a dna taoc kcalb a gniraew saw eH .draeb a dna riah kcalb ,gnol htiw ,niht dna llat saw eH ;.teerts eht nwod deklaw tah kcalb eht ni naM !eht :ehT